
The feature with the highest importance score was change_quantiles feature for our algorithm. The feature first fixes a corridor given by the quantiles ql and qh of the distribution of x. Then calculates the average, absolute value of consecutive changes of the series x inside this corridor. Given considering that we are implementing a decision tree algorithm with XGBoost, it makes sense that this feature would have a high importance, because it contributes to the separation inside the leaves with dividing the data to quantiles. The most features with high importance were to come from this feature for different corridors, which can be referred to dividing the data in different ways inside the different leaves and/or different parts of a leaf.
One interesting thing that we noticed was to do with a feature called linear_trend, which calculates a linear least-squares regression for values of the time series that were aggregated over chunks versus the sequence from 0 up to the number of chunks minus one and then returns some parameters of the regression. The interesting part was that the stderr parameter, which is the standard error of the estimated gradient had higher importance, while the rest of the parameters(the gradient, the intercept, the pvalue, the rvalue) had 0 importance for our problem. 
Other parameters with 0 importance included some features like cwt_coefficients, which calculates continuous wavelet transform for the Ricker wavelet, which in our case does not really help with the classification task. Another feature with 0 importance that we noticed was the feature which returns a boolean indicating if the data given to the algorithm is symmetric or not, and the other feature was returning a boolean indicating if the data has large standard deviation. We found that such features can be useless in our problem, simply because for the algorithm to work it does not really matter how the data is distributed and also considering the fact that a good algorithm should work independent from the type of data that it has been given. 
